# Week_2



## P6

a. 

$d_{prop} = \dfrac{m}{s} seconds$

b. 

$d_{trans} = \dfrac{L}{R} seconds$

c.

$t_{delay} = d_{prop} + d_{trans} = (\dfrac{m}{s} + \dfrac{L}{R}) seconds$

d. 

The bit just leaves A.

e. 

The first bit is in the link and has not reached Host B.

f. 

The first bit has reached Host B.

g. 

$ m = \dfrac{L}{R}s = \dfrac{120}{56 \times 10^3} \times (2.5 \times 10^8) = 536 km$





## P10

a.

 $ d_{end-end} = \dfrac{L}{R_1} + \dfrac{L}{R_2} + \dfrac{L}{R_3} + \dfrac{d_1}{s_1} + \dfrac{d_2}{s_2} + \dfrac{d_3}{s_3} + 2d_{proc}$

b.

 $d_{end-end} = 6 + 6 + 6 + 20 + 16 + 4 + 3 + 3 = 64  msec$





## P11

$ d_{end-end} = \dfrac{L}{R} + \dfrac{d_1}{s_1} + \dfrac{d_2}{s_2} + \dfrac{d_3}{s_3} = 6 + 20 + 16 + 4 = 46 msec $





# Week_3

## P6

a.

Both of them can signal the close of a connection. They can do this by including the connection-token "close" in the Connection-header field of the http request/reply.

The detailed mechanism is showed bellow:

> Persistent connections provide a mechanism by which a client and a server can signal the close of a TCP connection. This signaling takes place using the Connection header field (section 14.10). Once a close has been signaled, the client MUST NOT send any more requests on that connection.
>
> An HTTP/1.1 server MAY assume that a HTTP/1.1 client intends to maintain a persistent connection unless a Connection header including the connection-token "close" was sent in the request. If the server chooses to close the connection immediately after sending the response, it SHOULD send a Connection header including the connection-token close.
>
> An HTTP/1.1 client MAY expect a connection to remain open, but would decide to keep it open based on whether the response from a server contains a Connection header with the connection-token close. In case the client does not want to maintain a connection for more than that request, it SHOULD send a Connection header including the connection-token close. If either the client or the server sends the close token in the Connection header, that request becomes the last one for the connection.
>
> 
>
> > Insert from HTTP/1.1 (RFC2616) 8.1.2 Neogotiation
> >
> > https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616#page-51







b.

HTTP does not provide any encryption services.

Here are related illustrate:

> People using the HTTP protocol to provide data are responsible for ensuring that such material is not distributed without the permission of any individuals that are identifiable by the published results.
>
> Like any generic data transfer protocol, HTTP cannot regulate the content of the data that is transferred, nor is there any a priori method of determining the sensitivity of any particular piece of information within the context of any given request. Therefore, applications SHOULD supply as much control over this information as possible to the provider of that information. Four header fields are worth special mention in this context: Server, Via, Referer and From.
>
> Revealing the specific software version of the server might allow the server machine to become more vulnerable to attacks against software that is known to contain security holes. Implementors SHOULD make the Server header field a configurable option.
>
> Proxies which serve as a portal through a network firewall SHOULD take special precautions regarding the transfer of header information that identifies the hosts behind the firewall. In particular, they SHOULD remove, or replace with sanitized versions, any Via fields generated behind the firewall.
>
> The Referer header allows reading patterns to be studied and reverse links drawn. Although it can be very useful, its power can be abused if user details are not separated from the information contained in the Referer. Even when the personal information has been removed, the Referer header might indicate a private document's URI whose publication would be inappropriate.
>
> The information sent in the From field might conflict with the user's privacy interests or their site's security policy, and hence it SHOULD NOT be transmitted without the user being able to disable, enable, and modify the contents of the field. The user MUST be able to set the contents of this field within a user preference or application defaults configuration.
>
> 
>
> > Insert from HTTP/1.1 (RFC2616) 15.1.2 Transfer of Sensitive Information
> >
> > https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616#page-151



c.

Yes.



> Clients that use persistent connections should limit the number of simultaneous connections that they maintain to a given server. A single-user client should not maintain more than 2 connection with any server or proxy.



d.

It's possible that one side start closing a connection while the other side is transimitting data via this connection.

Explanation:

When one side start closing a connection, it will send a FIN signal to tell the other side that he wants to close the connection, but before the other side receives the FIN package and sends a ACK package back, the side who wants to close can still receive the data from the other side.

A client might have started to send a new request at the same time that the server has decided to close the "idle" connection. From the server's point of view, the connection is being closed while it was idle, but from the client's point of view, a request is in progress.







## P12

```python
# Server.py

from socket import*
serverPort=12000
serverSocket=socket(AF_INET,SOCK_STREAM)
serverSocket.bind(('',serverPort))
serverSocket.listen(1)
connectionSocket, addr = serverSocket.accept()
while 1:
	sentence = connectionSocket.recv(1024)     
	print  'From  Server:',  sentence,  '\n'    
serverSocket.close()
```







